fix(core): adjust prerelease entry bumps and preservation (#216)
bruits/sampo: .sampo/changesets/forthright-lord-ahti.md

---
cargo/sampo-core: patch
---

> Prereleases now advance the base version before incrementing prerelease counters and only preserve prerelease-targeted changesets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed prerelease versioning to advance the base version before incrementing prerelease counters, and to only preserve prerelease-targeted changesets.
```

Match [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/bruits/sampo/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) conventions.
